gh-138859: Account for `ParamSpec` defaults that are not lists … (#138868)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-09-13-12-19-17.gh-issue-138859.PxjIoN.rst

> Fix failure during parameterization of generics when a non-type-list `ParamSpec` default is followed by another type variable default, and the `ParamSpec` is not provided as a type argument.

Reviewer: We use `rst`, not `md` in NEWS, so please use double backticks.

> Fix failure during parameterization of generics when a non-type-list ``ParamSpec`` default is followed by another type variable default, and the ``ParamSpec`` is not provided as a type argument.

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't understand what "non-type-list" is. I propose this wording:

```suggestion
Fixes a :exc:`TypeError` when substituting a :class:`ParamSpec` with a default 
that is followed by another :class:`TypeVar` with a default.
```

Author: Thanks, the original description was unclear. Unless there are other objections, I'll reduce it to

> Fix generic type parameterization raising a :exc:`TypeError` when omitting a :class:`ParamSpec` that has a non-type-list default.

---

"Non-type-list default" refers to the bug occurring if the ParamSpec default isn't a list of types, such as `...` or `P` (another ParamSpec in scope). The bug would not be encountered if the default was a list of types (like `[int, str]`).

I think the closest wording for this construct in the documentation is actually "`list` of types" (see e.g. [`ParamSpec` Defaults](https://typing.python.org/en/latest/spec/generics.html#paramspec-defaults)), but I don't think "list of types" is necessarily better than "type list".

Reviewer 2: Let's say something like "default that is not a list of types". "type list" is definitely less clear to me than "list of types".

Author: Rewording suggestions done in https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/138868/commits/9669479b26beae3eb75bca6e358138ad40e367c7
